man I work for had one of the biggest
companies in New York City he didn't own
his own company white man on it so they
own them nobody owns meto
the most important thing in business is
honesty bribery extortion integrity hard
work the murder racketeering family
never forgetting where we came from who
we Cisco so you are what you are in this
world is either one of two things either
you're somebody
well you ain't nobody
houses every dad is your house must
don't you get out the fire won't be you
my investigation indicates the Frank
Lucas is above the Mafia
who does he work for which family he's
not Italian he's black no black man has
accomplished what the American Mafia
hasn't in a hundred years
I tried to kill my wife
frank lucas is the most dangerous man
walking the streets of our city this is
my home my country
Franko's don't run from nobody
this is America